Fix the security tasks. (#4445)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/tasks/security/health-check/index.md

You can enable Citadel's health checking feature
to detect the failures of the Citadel CSR (Certificate Signing Request) service.

> When a failure is detected, Kubelet will be automatically start the Citadel container.

Reviewer: will be automatically start -> will automatically restart

Author: Done.

> When a failure is detected, Kubelet will be automatically start the Citadel container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a failure is detected, Kubelet automatically starts the Citadel container.
```

When the health checking feature is enabled,

> the _prober client_ module in Citadel periodically checks the health status of Citadel's CSR gRPC server,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the **prober client** module in Citadel periodically checks the health status of Citadel's CSR gRPC server,
```

> by sending CSRs to the gRPC server and verifying the response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sends CSRs to the gRPC server, and verifies the response.
```

## Deploying Citadel with health checking

To enable health checking, redeploy Citadel with helm:

{{< text bash >}}
$ helm template install/kubernetes/helm/istio --name istio --namespace istio-system \
-x charts/security/templates/deployment.yaml \
--set global.mtls.enabled=true --set security.citadelHealthCheck=true > citadel-health-check.yaml
$ kubectl apply -f citadel-health-check.yaml
{{< /text >}}

> ## Verifying the health checking is working

Reviewer: Verifying that health checking is working

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Verify that health checking works
```
